# Crowdfund.sy

Crowdfund.sy is a crowd_funding Rails app that allows you to launch personal Kickstarter/Indiegogo crowdfunding projects.  This is a personal project, which I built to take my Ruby on Rails / AJax skills to the next level.

## Key Features include:

version 0.09 (May 5):

* Built with <b>Ruby on Rails</b>, using <b>PostGreSQL</b> database

* Built-in <b>API access</b> to serve <b>JSON</b> content to external webpages, which can serve that content with AJAX.
** API token keys are registered to individual users, and calls have pagination limits. 
** API was built following basic TDD, via <tt>rspec-rails</tt>.

* Front-end: Javascript/jQuery written with <b>Coffeescript</b>.  HTML ERB replaced with HAML for nicer syntax.  Styled with a custom <b>Bootstrap</b> theme (yeti), with additional CSS support with <b>SASS</b>.  Icons are built with <b>Font-Awesome</b>.

* Full user Robust project publishing features with <tt>StateMachine</tt> integration.

* Built in geocoding support using <b>Google Maps</b> to list crowdfunding campaigns close to a nearby user, via <tt>geocoder</tt> and <tt>gmaps4rails</tt>

* Service object support with <tt>Virtus</tt> gem.  Decorator objects built with integration of <tt>draper</tt> gem.

* Human-readable URL's due to integration with <tt>FriendlyID</tt> gem.

* Basic global language support via Rails Locales, current languages include English and Spanish.

version 0.10 (May 6): 

* Now added:  <b>Stripe integration!</b>  Implemented using the <tt>Stripe</tt> ruby gem and Stripe's Javascript API.  Customer tokens can be saved to allow for multiple recurring payments.

* Major bug fixes